{
    "ciencia_id": "C51A-5960-CE92",
    "name": "Ana Raquel Ferreira de Almeida Sebastião",
    "bio": "Raquel Sebastião is a researcher at Institute of Electronics and Informatics Engineering of Aveiro (IEETA), University of Aveiro. She is PhD in Applied Mathematics, with background in Applied Mathematics and Computational Methods, from University of Porto. She participated in several national and international R&D projects on multi-modality medical image registration, incremental and adaptive learning systems, modelling and control for personalized drug administration, image self-similarity and decision support in first responders' scenarios. Her research activity has been in facial recognition, registration of multimodal images, data streams, synopsis structures, change detection approaches, decision support systems and biomedical applications.  Currently, she is focused on data mining and information extraction from physiological signals. Raquel Sebastião had co-authored more than 40 publications, of which 8 are in international peer-reviewed journals and 11 are book chapters. According to the Scopus database, she had reached an h-index of 9, with a total of 614 citations. She has also been a reviewer in several international journals and served as program committee in different international and national conferences.   In the last years, she has supervised students (masters and project works) and she has been volunteered as a lecturer in the Department of Electronics, Telecommunications and Informatics of the University of Aveiro. Also, she had been participated as jury of academic degrees and as a member of the Evaluation Panel of the CHIST-ERA Call 2019. Recently, she awarded an assistant researcher contract by the FCT (CEECIND/03986/2018) to study the physiological responses of patients in postoperative pain.  Keywords: data mining, decision support, artificial Intelligence, machine learning, adaptive systems, computer-related health issues, health personalized approaches and patient-centred medicine.  ",
    "domains": [
        {
            "name": "Exact Sciences - Computer and Information Sciences",
            "code": "70200009"
        }
    ],
    "degrees": [
        "Master in Computational Methods in Science and Engineering",
        "Mathematics",
        "Applied Mathematics",
        "English Course (B2.2)"
    ],
    "distinctions": [],
    "projects": [],
    "publications": []
}